why has an austere German sportsco
designed for new conservatism financial
consultants become the darling of stan's
culture yes they shun mahtim out over a
pop-tart yeah bro row my car solo I
can't use it ice cream I split on second
Street it makes all the ladies want my
own cut meat right for those who don't
know Stan Singh is like low-riding
except not really lowriders use air
shocks to drop the car down to the
pavement but Stan Singh is lowering the
car just a little bit and then fitting
large wheels and thin tires to make the
wheel completely fill the wheel well the
idea as I see it is to make the car look
more like it did in the concept drawings
you know the concept drawings when the
promise was high that a vehicle could
overcome the monolithic and illustrious
past of its brand it becomes something
that was more than the sum of its parts
but Stan Singh places more importance on
how the car looks when parked rather
than how it drives or handles dancing is
for drivers trapped in an abusive
relationship of their own lives it's for
people who spent their use pointing out
typographical errors and comic books in
the hopes of winning a Marvel no prize
here's something interesting the e36 was
one of the first cars BMW designed
mainly with computer assistance and it's
got an engine that says everything is
broken all the time nothing's working
you did it wrong no no no which is
fitting because Stan Singh a car is a
lot like rebooting your PC to an earlier
restore point before was clogged up with
registry errors it's a method of cosmic
regeneration for people who feel like
the universe is punishing them for
liking things
the m3 features a higher level of
performance over the standard 3-series
model you know an engine and more the
thing is people are going to get upset
about this m3 because once the North
American m3 it's not a wheel I'm 3d I'm
just wrong wrong the engine wrongly
under 336 m3 debuted in February of 1992
and was puffing out its chess and
dealers showrooms by that November BMW
spokespersons were trumpeting the state
of the art specifications of the e36
like a megachurch preacher rambling to a
congregation of Jey Bros and high school
football coaches with turtling erections
it was a car representative of the new
self-congratulatory era in which kids
receive participation for
these were just showing on a kid could
lead with his head and still count on
being treated to gumbies pizza after the
game he 36 was the first m3 powered by a
straight-6 engine huh Nate II -
cubic-inch if you want s 50 which
produces 282 horsepower Sassy's led to
this being named one of car and drivers
best handling cars of the 90s which is
kind of like being declared the mayor of
who-ville you can be heralded as the
leader but no one will really believe
you are or are they necessarily going to
treat you like one
you're just a fashionable fun little
distraction like funnel cake seasons or
Mondays at TGI Fridays with your
American Lit professor yeah that's 60
something rabble rouser whose favorite
cocktail is at the Kela Mockingbird
don't get me wrong driving this is a
smooth and searing as sensuous
but it's a completely ephemeral
experience it vanishes like breath on a
window and you can try as hard as you
want to write your name in that fading
breath by Stan Singh your car but you're
not actually imprinting any real sense
of personhood on that vehicle a 36 was
available either with a 5-speed manual
or an automatic although I'm not really
sure what would be gained and going with
the automatic when so much of the e36
appeal is the one-on-one experience
between car and driver might as well
just pay somebody else to bang your wife
and you doll the chocolate out of the
Neapolitan ice cream while you're at
loading Roeder's came standard on the
Canadian and European variants but were
strangely absent from their American
counterparts in addition the
differential and rear axles on the North
American imports were lighter duty bills
than their bulkier European cousins some
make of that what you will in all
late-model m3s received subframe
reinforcement buts dancing undoes all of
that it's simply a license Stan Singh is
simply a license to whine about your car
not taking corners like it used to you
better have a lot of disposable income
because Stan Singh is horrible on tires
and you're going to have to buy new
tires way more frequently than you're
used to or even comfortable doing
because PennDOT induce rim damage is
likely to plug up your glory hole before
you even get the shaft through the
opening so if your car gets driven with
any kind of regularity Stan Singh is as
bad an idea as trusting your barista
like you trust your bartender I mean the
guy who owns this car lamented to me
that if I put two people in the back my
rear wheels are going to be rubbing
inside the wheel will I have to roll my
fenders out
be able to do this correctly and the
steering rack is all weird because it's
broken in some way I mean an e36 isn't
supposed to require this much steering
input just to turn it this far
something's wrong here speaking of
things going wrong one thing about ether
t6 is that the fog lights are gonna fall
out
no they just fall out so the guy who has
this said screw it and he just put some
old like dryer hose in here going up in
size like okay their intakes now so much
about this m3 taught me that there's a
real hierarchy to German cars I mean
that's what the weird things that you
get when you grow up in Pennsylvania
you're just stuck with domestics all the
time you don't know there's a whole
other world out there and you kind of
pedestal eyes European cars until you
realize that most of them suck
the car loan drive stick on was a 1975
mg blue I stalled it yeah go all the way
off and all I go all the way off and
then all that's gonna be Helen
it takes a long story did you feel the
clutch in this you got to feel the
clutching yeah it's really heavy
well that's heavy